{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Before opening anything I recommend creating the database and table otherwise the index page won\'92t display properly.\
\

\f1\b \ul Database
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
The password my scripts have been designed around uses the following username and password to access phpMyAdmin and the database\
\
username: root\
password: root\
\
There are files in the database folder of the directory for creating 1) the database and 2) the table. Named \'91createdatabase\'92 and \'91createtable\'92 The table won\'92t have any data in it but it is expected
\f2\i  
\f0\i0 populating with the search bar in the left column will add data to the database. The page will need refreshed after adding data - to display it.  \
\

\f1\b \ul Zingchart
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
ZC.LICENSE = ["569d52cefae586f634c54f86dc99e6a9", "ee6b7db5b51705a13dc2339db3edaf6d"];\
\

\f1\b \ul Contact Us Page\

\f0\b0 \ulnone Contact us page form isn\'92t working yet. Page has been implemented for display purposes only.\
\

\f1\b \ul Job Salary Page\

\f0\b0 \ulnone The job salary works to an extent. The table sometimes needs clicked on twice to show the correct data. I suspect this is due to the SOC information needed requires the data being search thus taking time. This time taken isn\'92t compensated by the chart thus displaying the wrong information. I tried to fix it with a callback and a timeout but couldn\'92t get them working properly. \
\

\f1\b \ul Browser Compatibility\

\f0\b0 \ulnone Testing has been done on mostly Google Chrome browser. Some testing has been done on other browsers such as Firefox, Safari and IE Explorer. All seemed ok apart from IE which seemed to display the charts in an unexpected way.}